Add Packaged Grain to the Getting Grain page (#179)
grain-lang/grain-lang.org: src/getting_grain.md

```sh
brew install --no-quarantine --cask grain-lang/tap/grain
```

_The `--no-quarantine` flag will avoid having to approve the binary in the Security Center._

### MacOS x64 - Download

If you'd prefer not to use homebrew, you can [download it](https://github.com/grain-lang/grain/releases/download/grain-v0.3.0/grain-mac-x64) directly from GitHub or using `curl`.

```sh
sudo curl https://github.com/grain-lang/grain/releases/download/grain-v0.3.0/grain-mac-x64 -L --output /usr/local/bin/grain && sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/grain
```

### Linux x64 - Download

You can [download it](https://github.com/grain-lang/grain/releases/download/grain-v0.3.0/grain-linux-x64) directly from GitHub or using `curl`.

```sh
sudo curl https://github.com/grain-lang/grain/releases/download/grain-v0.3.0/grain-linux-x64 -L --output /usr/local/bin/grain && sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/grain
```

### Windows x64 - Download

You can [download it](https://github.com/grain-lang/grain/releases/download/grain-v0.3.0/grain-win-x64.exe) directly from GitHub.

You'll either want to put it into your path or keep it inside your project and invoke with `./grain-win-x64.exe`.

## Building Grain from Source

> To get access to the entirely native compiler, you can build Grain from source.

Reviewer: This implies that packaged isn't native, but we didn't say that explicitly. Should we say something about it? I could go either way.

Author: Yeah, I think we could mention that. Let me see if I can come up with a good way to phrase it.

Author: See above?

title: Getting Grain
---

We have a couple different ways to get Grain. Most developers will prefer the Packaged Grain binaries, but make sure to read the note about speed!

## Packaged Grain

The Grain toolchain (including our CLI, compiler, runtime, and standard library) is shipped as a single binary. Binaries are available for [MacOS x64](#MacOS-x64---Homebrew), [Linux x64](#Linux-x64---Download), and [Windows x64](#Windows-x64---Download).

> __Note:__ These binaries are a bit slow the first time you build a project (around 70 seconds) because they build and output the runtime & standard library into your project. If you need extra speed, you can build the native compiler from source! See [Building Grain from Source](#Building-Grain-from-Source) below.

Author: ```suggestion
__Note:__ These binaries are a bit slow the first time you build a project (around 70 seconds). The reason for this is that the compiler is actually running in JavaScript, _and_ it is building and writing the runtime & standard library into your project. If you need extra speed, you can build the native compiler from source! See [Building Grain from Source](#Building-Grain-from-Source) below.
```

@ospencer What do you think about this mentioning it is a JS compiler and then linking to the Building from Source section which mentions native compiler.

Reviewer: We decided this on Discord:
```suggestion
__Note:__ These binaries are a bit slow when first building a project (around 70 seconds). The packaged compiler is running in JavaScript, _and_ it builds and writes the runtime & standard library into your project. If you need raw speed, you can build the native compiler from source! See [Building Grain from Source](#Building-Grain-from-Source) below.
```
